[GLOSSARY] private key (#434)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/glossary/Glossary.md

Read more: [BIP 84 derivation scheme for P2WPKH based accounts](/using-wasabi/BIPs.md#bip-84-derivation-scheme-for-p2wpkh-based-accounts)
:::

:::details
### Private Key

> A private key is a large number that was chosen at random, it is a very secure password that must be kept secret.

Author: I think the proper way of saying this is `chosen at random`.
`generated randomly` might mean that you use some algorithm spontaneously chosen for the process...

> A private key is a large number that was chosen at random, it is a very secure password that must be kept secret.

Reviewer: How about:
A private key is a large number that should be `chosen randomly`?

> A private key is a large number that was chosen at random, it is a very secure password that must be kept secret.

Author: ```suggestion
A private key is a large number that must be chosen at random, it is thus a very secure password and should be kept secret.
```

With knowledge of this number, anyone can easily compute the public key, and a signature over a message.

> It can also be used to decrypt a message that was encrypted to the public key corresponding to the private key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can also be used to decrypt any message that was encrypted to the public key corresponding to the private key.
```
